			Getting Started with Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) 
Create an S3 bucket.
Upload a website to the bucket.
Configure the website to allow public access.
Create an S3 bucket to allow uploads.
Configure the bucket to allow files to be encrypted at rest.
Configure the bucket to log all activity.
Configure the bucket to send a notification to the admin when new files are added to the bucket.
Replicate the bucket to another region.

1.Create an S3 bucket.

In the AWS Management Console, expand All services, and then in Storage, select S3.
In the S3 Management Console, select Create bucket.
The Create Bucket option
In the Bucket name, enter website-32807487.
Select the Copy to clipboard icon to copy the text string to the clipboard.
In AWS Region, select US East (Ohio).
Clear the Block all public access check box, and then select the I acknowledge that the current settings might result in this bucket and the objects within becoming public check box.
Review the configuration, and then select Create bucket .

2.Configure the S3 bucket to be a website

In this task, you will configure the S3 bucket as a static website.
Select website-32807487, and then on the website-32807487 page, select Properties.
Scroll down, and in Static website hosting, select Edit.
The Static website hosting tile
In Static website hosting, select Enable.
In Hosting type, ensure that Host a static website is selected.
In Index document, enter Index.html.
Even though it appears that Index.html is already there, you still have to enter it. The file name is case sensitive and must match the Index.html file you will upload in an upcoming task.
Select Save changes.

3.Configure the website to allow public access.

In this task, you will configure the permissions to allow public access to the website.
Select the Permissions tab.
Scroll down, and in Bucket Policy, select Edit.
Locate the bucket ARN arn:aws:s3:::website-32807487, and then copy the value.
You will need the ARN when you create the policy in the Policy generator.
At the top of the page, select Policy generator.
In the Select Type of Policy drop-down list, select S3 Bucket Policy.
In Effect, ensure that Allow is selected.
In Principal, enter *.
In the Actions drop-down list, select GetObject.
The Policy Generator action settings
In Amazon Resource Name (ARN), paste the ARN you copied, and then add /* to the end
The ARN should be arn:aws:s3:::website-32807487/*.
The Policy Generator ARN settings
Select Add Statement, and then select Generate Policy.
On the Policy JSON Document page, select the entire policy, copy the policy, and then select Close.
Switch to the S3 Management Console window in your browser.
In the Bucket policy editor, paste the policy you copied.
Select Save changes.



4.Create an S3 bucket to allow uploads.
Upload your website to the S3 bucket
In this task, you will configure the content for a website, and then you will upload your website to the S3 bucket.

Select the Objects tab.

On your local computer, open a text editor, such as Notepad, enter This is a webpage, and then save the page as "Index.html".

The file name is case sensitive and must match the settings in the S3 bucket. Including the quotation marks in the file name changes the file extension from .txt to .html.

In the S3 Management Console, select Upload.

On the Upload page, select Add files, navigate to and select the Index.html file you just created, and then select Open.

Select Upload, and then when presented with the Upload succeeded message select Close.

Select the Properties tab, scroll down to Static website hosting, and then select the Bucket website endpoint to open the static website in a new tab.

5.Configure the bucket to allow files to be encrypted at rest.

In the upper-left corner of the S3 Management Console, select AWS to return to the AWS Management Console home page.

In the AWS Management Console, in Storage, select S3.

In the S3 Management Console, select Create bucket.

The Create Bucket option

In Bucket name, enter logfiles-32807487.

In AWS Region, ensure that US East (Ohio) is selected.

Review the settings, and then select Create bucket.

Configure the bucket to log all activity.

Select logfiles-32807487, and then on the logfiles-32807487 page, select the Management tab.

The Management tab

In Lifecycle rules, select Create lifecycle rule.

In Lifecycle rule name, enter Archive logs.

In Choose a rule scope, select Apply to all objects in the bucket, and then select the I acknowledge that this rule will apply to all objects in the bucket check box.

Lifecycle rule

In Lifecycle rule actions, select the Move current versions of objects between storage classes check box.

Lifecycle rule action

In Choose storage class transitions, select Glacier Instant Retrieval, and then in Days after object creation enter 30.

Review the transition and expiration actions, and then select Create rule.

Select the Amazon S3 link in the upper-left corner of the page to return to the S3 Management Console.

Configure the bucket to send a notification to the admin when new files are added to the bucket.

4.Create a bucket for uploads
Create a bucket to hold log files
In this task, you will create a new bucket to hold log files.


In this task, you will create a bucket for uploads by using version control, logging, and encryption.

In the S3 Management Console, select Create bucket.

The Create bucket option

In Bucket name, enter uploads-32807487.

In AWS Region, ensure that US East (Ohio) is selected.

Clear the Block all public access check box, and then select the I acknowledge that the current settings might result in this bucket and the objects within becoming public check box.

The Public Access panel

In Bucket Versioning, select Enable.

In Default encryption, in Encryption key type, select Amazon S3 managed keys.

Review the configuration and then select Create bucket.

Select uploads-32807487, and then on the uploads-32807487 page, select the Properties tab.

Scroll down, and in Server access logging, select Edit,

Select Enable, and then next to Target bucket select Browse S3.

The Server access logging panel

In Choose destination to upload resources, select the logfiles-32807487 radio button, and then select Choose path.

Log upload destination

Select Save changes.

Replicate the bucket to another region.
Configure a notification
In this task, you will configure a notification that notifies a user when files are uploaded.

In the upper-left corner of the page, select AWS to return to the AWS Management Console.

In the AWS Management Console, search for and select Simple Notification Service.

In the Create topic tile, enter Upload_notification, and select Next step.

Field for entering topic name for Amazon simple notification service

Expand the Access policy section, and then in Publishers, select Everyone.

SNS Access policy.png

In the lower-right corner of the window, select Create topic.

Select Create subscription.

Create subscription.png

In the Protocol drop-down list, select Email.

In Endpoint, enter your email address.

Select Create subscription.

Open your email, and then select the Confirm subscription link.

In the upper-left corner of the page, select AWS to return to the AWS Management Console.

In the AWS Management Console, in Storage, select S3.

Select logfiles-32807487, and then on the logfiles-32807487 page, select the Properties tab.

Scroll down, and in Event notifications select Create event notification.

Create event notification

In Event name, enter UploadsNotification.

In Event types, select the All object create events check box.

Event types selection

In Destination, select SNS Topic.

The Send top options on the Events panel

In the SNS topic drop-down list, select Upload_notification.

The Add SNS topic option

Select Save changes.

In the upper-left corner of the page, select Amazon S3 to return to the S3 Management Console.

Upload a file to the bucket
In this task, you will upload a file to the bucket.

Open a text editor (Notepad) on your local computer.

Create a new document, and then save it on your desktop as test.txt.

In the S3 Management Console, select the uploads-32807487 bucket.

Select Upload.

Select Add files.

Navigate to your desktop, select test.txt, and then select Open.

Select Upload.

Verify that you received an Amazon S3 Notification at the email address you registered.

Replicate the logfiles bucket to another region
In this task, you will replicate the logfiles bucket to another region.

In the upper-left corner of the page, select AWS to return to the AWS Management Console.

In the AWS Management Console, in Storage, select S3.

In the S3 Management Console, select Create bucket.

The Create bucket option

In Bucket name, enter logfiles-backups-32807487.

In Region, select US East (N. Virginia).

Clear the Block all public access check box, and then select the I acknowledge that the current settings might result in this bucket and the objects within becoming public check box.

The Public Access panel

Select Create bucket.

Select the logfiles-32807487 bucket, and then select the Management tab.

The management tab

This is NOT the bucket that you just created.

In Replication rules, select Create replication rule.

The Add rule button

Select Enable Bucket Versioning.

The Enable versioning button

In Replication rule name, enter LogfilesBackups, and then ensure that the Status is Enabled.

Replication rule status

In Source bucket, in Choose a rule scope, select Apply to all objects in the bucket.

Replication rule scope

In the Destination Bucket name, select Browse S3.

Destination bucket

Select logfiles-backups-32807487, and then select Choose path.

In Destination, select Enable bucket versioning to enable versioning in the logfiles-backups32807487 bucket.

Enable destination bucket versioning

In the IAM role drop-down list, select S3ReplicationRole-32807487.

IAM S3ReplicationRule role

Review the configuration and select Save.

When prompted to replicate existing objects, ensure that No, do not replicate existing objects, and then select Submit.

